welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show
excited to be joined by tyler lazar
today tyler is the vp of marketing over
at vidyard
he spent more than six years in the
world of online video for sales
prospecting and b2b marketing he's the
co-author
of the visual cell and his host of
creating connections podcasts and also a
frequent speaker on topics ranging from
video marketing
over to customer experience as well
tyler's been recognized
by demand gen report as a top biofocus
b2b marketer
and buy marketo as a top 50 fearless
marketer tyler
a very warm welcome sir how are you
doing so the focus
today everyone is is going to be how to
how we can use video
effectively to win more business so
we're gonna be talking about actionable
hands-on strategies no fluff about how
you can use videos as a marketer as a
business owner or a sales rep
to engage with your ideal customers
through all parts of the sales cycle
drum up more business and get more deals
more business more cash
in your back pocket before we get to
that exciting stuff tyler for anyone
that does not know tyler lazar please
give us a quick snapshot
on who you are and how you got into the
role you're in sir
yeah well it's great to be here and as
mentioned my name is tyler lassard i
head up the marketing team
here at a company called vidyard now for
those not familiar with vidyard
we are a video technology company we
provide tools for
sales to record and send custom videos
we provide a full video posting and
management platform
for marketing and it organizations and
i've been here for just over six
years and as part of that it has given
me
the opportunity to think 10 12
hours a day about how businesses are
using video
exactly what you said sam not just to
generate leads but to make real cash
how are they using video to increase
demand to
accelerate buyers through their customer
journeys and ultimately help their sales
reps
move people through into clothes so i've
got
lots of great examples that i'm seeing
out there of how businesses are doing
this well
but most importantly how they're doing
it without having to increase their
budgets how they're getting scrappy with
creating and sharing video
how they're using quick capture
techniques how they're using their
webcam screen shares and things like
that to create
awesome content that builds better
relationships and moves
the needle so that's the stuff that gets
me really fired up uh and again really
happy to be here to
share some of those ideas and stories
that i've seen out there in the market
good stuff man looking forward to it so
let's jump straight in um
what is videos place in today's market
with everything that's going on with all
the work working from home with virtual
selling
how does video play a part in both the
business and the selling world today
tyler
yeah so we've seen the rise of video in
business in general happening
over the last five to seven years or so
and certainly the pandemic and this
remote working world
has been a catalyst for that it's
accelerated this adoption of video
but in new parts organizations so the
way i think about it is over the last
again five to seven years
we've seen more and more businesses
embracing video as a way to get
marketing messages out there right most
websites you go to now
have video content to explain what that
organization does
to clearly introduce the problems they
can solve for you
to show a little bit about how they do
that and to introduce their people
and i think that is super important
these days and continues to be important
as people look for these really
self-serve friction free buying
experiences
i want to learn about a business and a
solution i don't want to have to talk to
sales
sorry sales reps out there it's the
reality of how most people buy
right i want to be able to learn on my
own time
and consume content to self-educate and
videos playing an increasingly important
role
in that on the marketing side but you've
mentioned sales which is where we've
seen this huge increase in the use of
video
again over the last couple of years but
absolutely accelerated in the last six
months
since all sellers for the most part have
been now moved to a digital remote world
and i'm not just talking about video
calls and zooms
i'm talking about their ability to
record and send
video messages on linkedin via email and
others
recording and sending screen share
videos throughout the buying process
whether it be for prospecting
to cut through the noise pattern disrupt
and get the attention of a key prospect
or throughout the opportunity cycle to
share information
to clearly explain different ideas and
to show what it is that they can do to
help solve problems
so that stuff gets me really excited and
you know we can come into some of those
different ideas here but it's
happening all over the place and if
you're not yet starting to use video
yourself
um by the end of this you're gonna know
exactly how to do it
awesome man yeah looking forward to it
so if we can start from the top as
as such so if we could start with what i
mean
is there a perfect time when we should
use a video message tyler
um is that is there any time or can we
use at any stage during
sales process or conversations yeah it's
a great question and i'll start by
saying
you can there's always opportunities in
places where
recording and sending a video message
can absolutely help support that sales
cycle
and people will often ask me that
question like well when should i
and my honest answer to that is whenever
you have an important message to deliver
or something to show
to a prospect or a customer right where
are you so used to in the business world
our status quo default is type down an
email and send it
we're not used to this idea hit the
record button
record a quick video and send it it
hasn't natural in the business world and
so
i think for sales reps that's really the
problem is just
getting into that cadence where you say
hey actually this is just as easy
as typing and sending an email but it
can be more impactful because i'm
putting my face out there i'm building
that connection
i'm showing other than just telling i'm
adding value throughout that process
and when you start to learn the nuances
of how to do videos well
how to use visuals to your example to
your uh to your benefit
how to use screen shares uh to add value
to the conversation
this stuff just starts to become part of
how you sell um
but one area that i will start with that
we've seen as the most impactful for
many
is in prospecting so if you're
um so for those of you listening and
watching if you do
outbound old prospecting you will
probably agree
that it's harder than ever to get
people's attention
and to get a response uh when reaching
out cold
right there's so much noise in the
market everybody's you know bombarded
with so many emails and phone calls and
so on
and what we're finding is sellers that
do a pattern disrupt technique and say
what would really stand out from all the
other noise
and they're recording and sending a
video
via email or via linkedin to their
prospects
as a way to stand out and when they do
it they've got a nice thumbnail image
with themselves waving in it
or maybe it's a screen share with
something that will catch the eye of
that prospect
and it's a way to boost that initial
open uh engagement and response rate
because people are more likely to click
into a video when they see you're a real
human with some value to offer
as opposed to your typical templated
copy you know and text based emails and
linkedin messages so it's a big win in
that part of the sales process right now
got it and is is that why it's working
so well tyler just because it stands out
like you say from everything else that's
in the inbox
and because busy executives that you're
probably trying to prospect too or
business owners or whoever is you're
trying to reach out to and start a
conversation
or book a meeting with is that they're
so used to seeing all these texts and
standard emails that when a video comes
in it's something a bit more unique
well there's uh there's a few things
that are happening that i think make it
really effective for actually generating
the kind of conversion you're looking
for because you're not just looking for
that click you're also looking for that
response and getting that meeting booked
and if you think about what video can do
really well
so first to your point it will it can
capture it can grab their attention
very quickly you can imagine yourself in
your email inbox
you know you see an email from somebody
it's a bunch of text email a bunch of
texts
and you click on one and it opens up and
there's this big thumbnail image
of you know just like me for those of
you watching right now
and it's an animated thumbnail image
with me waving at you maybe i've written
your name on a whiteboard to indicate
this is just for you
so number one yes if pattern disrupts it
creates a sense of curiosity
but people are often also more likely to
click because they see you've put the
effort in
to record them a custom video and so
their expectation of value is much
higher
and just seeing that picture just that
thumbnail image goes that long way
so number one you get a higher open and
click rate
because of that interest that
anticipation and that expectation of
value
but now once they click play the real
magic happens because you have an
opportunity to introduce yourself right
to build
real human rapport and to clearly
explain to them why it is
you want to have a conversation or move
on to the next step
which again you can get so much more in
a 60-second video
than you can with you know four or five
lines of email copy
so that one minute is your opportunity
to put yourself
out there to show that you're a real
human that wants to work with them
and to clearly articulate your value
proposition
and that's the power of it being able to
drive that next conversion
um through a combination of that human
connection and again
that expectation of value throughout the
next step
yeah and that makes sense entirely for
anyone that's perhaps not dipped into
video too much
or is thinking that of getting stuck in
so just like we say they can
they can prospect in a more unusual way
there's going to be an interrupter
whoever they're trying to reach out to
um are there any tips that you could
share with us on perhaps
how to how to make a video that's going
to stand out in terms of how long it
should last
what kind of background we should have
if we need a specific camera if we need
any specific kit or equipment or tools
um so how we can produce one that's not
going to break the bank that's not it's
going to be a good use of our time
and also the means that we can get
several done throughout the day to get
more meetings booked
absolutely yeah the the biggest
challenge for a lot of sellers once they
understand this concept and they think
oh right
what if i were to record and send a
video to them the biggest challenge
becomes yeah how do i do it easily and
effectively
um and not make it a big hassle every
time
and the great news is uh there are tools
that make
this literally as easy as typing and
sending an email
uh one of those great tools is of course
vineyard a company that i work for
um so i may be biased but there are
other tools out there
um such as loom and soapbox and bombbomb
um that also offer this capability and
um again with vidyard and some of these
other tools you can get going for free
so like literally right now by the end
of this conversation you can be ready to
go
go over to vr.com free and sign up and
uh as soon as you sign up it acts as a
simple clone chrome plugin
and you click the little button in
chrome and it says start recording and
do you want to record webcam
or screen share you select which one you
say let's go
count down three two one and you record
your quick video
as soon as you're done you hit stop and
then the magic is that video is ready
it's hosted already on its own dedicated
page
and you get the thumbnail image for that
video and the link to watch it to drop
into an email
so you're not actually attaching like an
mp4 or something like that which would
get caught in span anyways
you're simply adding the link to the
video with the thumbnail
and sending it out via email there's
also a gmail plugin which makes it extra
easy you can do it right from your email
as well
so number one is make it simple on
yourself
right the technology should not be a
burden to it
so tools like vidyard can make it easy
the second thing
as you mentioned is how do you actually
make a great video and also how do you
craft a great email around that video so
it's watched in the first place
with respect to the video length is
really important when you're using it
for cool prospecting
because again at that point when you
don't yet have a relationship they're
not going to watch
a three-minute long movie trailer about
you so keep that initial prospecting
videos uh between
45 to 60 seconds max i think 45 seconds
or so is the sweet spot
you can go up to 59 seconds if somebody
hovers over and they see it's over a
minute
there's a psychological barrier there
where they're less likely to watch so
try to keep it short and sweet
but use it as an opportunity to put your
personality out there
right that's a big mistake i see a lot
of sellers is they're just sitting there
arms crossed and they're just reading
their email script on camera
that's not great about added value so
step straight smile right get your
energy flowing and get ready just like
you would
on a phone call or in a live meeting and
put yourself out there
get your energy going get your
personality going
and deliver your message in a way that's
authentic to how you want to help them
the second thing i suggest is having
something visual
that can get their attention and that
can be part of what becomes the
thumbnail image for the video as well
and that's where we often see people
using um like a small whiteboard that
they can buy for two dollars
and they'll write a little message with
the person's name on it and hold it up
at the beginning of the video
the reason they do that is when the
thumbnail image gets created
that becomes the image and when they see
it in their inbox they see their
name in the video they know immediately
it was meant just for them
so some kind of personalization can
really go a long way
to helping get that click-through rate
into it so those are two of the big
things is make it easy
or three make it easy um let your
personality out there
and make sure you've got some kind of
personalization in it
that will entice them to click into the
video
got it and in terms of the actual
content or how those videos are made up
and really love the tips that you've
given there tyler in terms of
adding that human element adding that
personalization elements so
when someone opens it and they know it's
just for them and not just a generic
thing that they're sending out
to hundreds of businesses um in terms of
clients that are having the best success
with vidyard right now
is there a certain structure they're
doing in terms of their asks
and their technician things like that
and tips that you could give us in terms
of the actual structure and the things
that they're saying
that and making them their videos a
success or any
ideas you can help us with on that front
yeah a few ideas to to share with you
all that that i'm seeing from the
successful folks out there um
number one is use different styles of
video
um to help get their attention in
different ways and to again create
very relatable messages that create a
sense of curiosity for them to click in
so i mentioned you can record your
webcam and you can do something like
holding up a whiteboard with their name
on it
or maybe holding up some kind of other
visual prop
that is the indicator to them that
they'll recognize as something that's
unique for them
but you can also record screen share
videos
where your face is on in the corner with
your webcam but you're sharing something
on your screen
and that can also be a great way to make
a video that is relatable to them and
produces a great thumbnail image
for example we've seen a lot of people
be really successful with this simple
technique
of going to their prospects linkedin
profile
so sam if i were prospecting you i might
go to your linkedin profile
bring it up on the screen and then hit
record with my camera on in the corner
and my starting of my message might be
hey sam it's tyler vidyard here you know
i was on your linkedin profile and i
noticed that
it might be your title right based on
what you do i've actually recently been
helping three
other people in the exact same role as
you
um accomplish x y and z
and i would love to chat with a little
bit more to tell you the three things
that i've done with them
to help them solve that problem and then
i might end it with
instead of can we book a meeting is
could i send you another quick video
to explain the first thing in a little
bit more detail
right and that might be my call to
action so when it gets sent over and
they and you see that video with your
own linkedin profile sam would you be
likely to click on it
oh a hundred percent i mean like you
said it's
it's taking the personalization to the
next level isn't it because it's not
just writing their name especially
that's my linkedin profile first of all
what the heck are they doing on it
secondly let's and like you say that the
call to action the ask at the end is
really light
so it's like could i ask you a question
about this would you like to learn more
about what we're talking about so
it's not saying like let's have the
meeting straight away it's like i'm on
your profile
this is what i think this is potentially
what we could do does it make sense to
have a further chat
so it's real light-hearted it's engaging
it's creating curiosity
um we tend to do quite a similar thing
where we'll sometimes look at
prospective clients websites and share
the screen
do a quick snappy video say look i
notice on this website this on your
website did you consider this
to help improve your website conversions
or to help improve your digital
marketing strategies and it's just like
you say a really good way
of catching people's attention catching
them off guard and striking up
conversations
so yeah really like that cool
so yeah i love that and i was just gonna
say sam the one the one other thing
which i'm sure you guys are
experimenting as well
is that idea of using it at multiple
points throughout your typical
outbound cadence and we found for
example if you're using a structured
cadence of say
you know 12 to 15 touches over the
course of you know maybe it's 30 to 60
days
i mean it's a mix of emails phone calls
social and so on um
is having you know it's usually two to
three
uh videos around that cadence and the
early one
in your in your cycle might be a webcam
style video to focus on introducing
yourself and quickly highlighting your
problem
and then another one later on in the
sequence where you're doing a screen
share
to connect the dots add some more value
um so different things like that that
you can do as well
yeah i mean that was that's that's great
i'm glad you've mentioned that because i
was going to say so we talked about the
prospecting actually booking me
booking meetings booking demos like the
real early part of
the sale are there are there ways that
we can actually use video tire to speed
up our sales process so perhaps when
we're shipping out a proposal shipping
out a quote or we're doing a
presentation
and we can do a little video with it or
perhaps when we're going for clothes
when we want to follow up and win the
business
are there any tricks or tips we can
utilize video to actually bring the deal
in and get the cash in from
from our perspective customers yeah i
love that topic and it's something that
we're seeing more and more people do
particularly now
in this 100 remote selling world where
it's it's not only are we remote and we
need to figure out ways to keep
our face our personality top of mind
throughout that sales process
but our buyers are also changing the way
that they collaborate internally that
they consume information
and we need to help them build case
internally and we need to figure out
ways to get our face in front of all the
decision makers
so we are seeing people use um of course
live zoom calls when they can
but in between those calls dripping in
different videos as a way
to again keep top of mind to keep that
conversation going and deliver value
tell
shorten the cycle as well as increase
the close rates for example
if you are a technology company
sending recording and sending quick
custom demos
of individual features of areas of your
solution that somebody might be
interested in
that can go a long way as opposed to
just like the one
massive demo is like hey last time we
talked to you had indicated you were
interested in this capability
i just recorded you this quick video to
show you exactly how that might work for
you
and i'd love if you could share it
around to any others that you think
would be interested
in using that as well on your team right
and then it becomes a quick
three to five minute demo video that you
just you recorded using your own screen
share
and it goes a long way for them to be
able to watch that on their own time and
it's very shareable
as opposed to like the recorded zoom
call we all we all do this in sales
where we get the like hour long demo
call and we record it and then we're
like
hey i'll send you the link so you can
share it around nobody watches it like
nobody watches these
so it's super long recorded but what if
after that i recorded you a really quick
little
highlight reel and ask you to send that
around little things like that
um can go a long way um and then you
touched on another great one which is uh
like sales proposals
instead of just sending over a sales
proposal bring it up on your screen
and then record again a screen share
with your face in the corner actually
walking through it
just as if you were you know meeting up
with them on site for a quick
not a full hour long walk through but do
you know your five to ten minute
walkthrough of the proposal
so they can hear you explaining the
different line items
and when they share that around to other
stakeholders they get that added context
so those are just a couple of examples
of what we're seeing people do out there
and getting really good feedback on
those use cases as well
yeah i love that and i think there's
it's sometimes there's nothing worse
than getting a really detailed proposal
document like a 30-page
essay so you've just got a troll free
and we know that most of the time buyers
are just skipping through to the budget
price timeline
um that's that's really what they're
comparing you to whereas like you say if
you send a personalized video just give
a quick
couple minute recap of exactly what's
entailed explaining the benefits the use
case the the problems you're solving
why it's why it's going to be useful
particularly for them so they can then
use that and if they've got to share
that with other members of the team
that's going to be a really helpful tool
for selling it internally and selling it
within the organization that makes sense
are there um
are there any unusual cases of video
title that we might not have thought
about in our everyday
sales or marketing process that you've
seen yourself or your clients have
success with beer in
following up beer in getting a hold of
people that you thought had gone off the
radar and that ghosted you or anything
like that that we we might be able to
implement that might be a little
nice little video hack for us well i
love the one you brought up there which
is
uh ghosted prospects or deals gone dark
as we as we like to say
uh you know we've all been there and
we'll all be there again
uh where that prospect or that customer
that seemed hot to trot has suddenly
stopped responding
and i hear it time and again from reps
who are telling me you know i followed
up with an email
i left the voicemail and then i sent a
quick video
with me on camera um you know asking
them
for a quick update and i got a response
you know within an hour from sending the
video
over and i think that's a great idea
because
it's all about that human empathy right
like
guilt is a great motivator and you know
whether
you know it's it's that them seeing your
face
you know being minded yeah you know what
this is a real person i should re-engage
in that conversation i owe them that
much it's so
easy to ignore a text-based email from
an email address it's a lot harder to
ignore
a video you've made for them with
yourself on camera
so that is a great use case there
one other thing that i would suggest you
think about is
one of the other superpowers of video
compared to your other
uh conversation mediums is its ability
to be fun
to be personal uh to be interesting and
to
also be transparent with you know
yourself as a human
and i i think there's a great
opportunity here for you to be
and sharing quick videos with your
customers that are ways to just
stay connected with them right in the
absence of being able to go grab a
coffee together or meet up at their
office
even the like unexpected video you send
them on a friday morning
and it's just the hey you know it's
tyler from vidyard here i don't have
anything specific i need from you but i
honestly i just wanted to say
i hope you have an amazing friday and a
great weekend um and by the way me
my kids are off doing this i'd love to
hear what you guys are up to right like
even little moments like that that bring
a bit of surprise and light
into the deal cycle can go a long way
and as an extension to that it's a great
way to celebrate milestones
wish them a happy holiday all those
little things where it doesn't warrant
setting up a zoom call
but it's a message that you just want to
deliver you know face to face
and uh and put your passion and energy
out there so there's a relationship
builder
it goes such a long way and we don't
have to wait for live video calls to do
that
i love that i love that i mean it's yeah
because things like email follow-ups
phone calls where you're not really
delivering much can be quite monotonous
so like like you say if it's the end of
the week and you're just wishing them a
good weekend ahead
or you're perhaps saying look how are
you getting on with this project um is
there anything new going on
otherwise yeah have a great one so just
a short snappy message that's
that's sincere that's genuinely wishing
them well and just just catching up
rather than just doing the traditional
email like how are you getting on with
this
love that and i've not really thought
about that before so that's that's
awesome man
okay cool um and what can we do if we're
a business owner tyler
um to encourage our reps to get stuck
into video and we've covered a ton
already
um yeah like we say creating a culture
of getting
comfortable with being in front of
camera and getting in front of video and
and sending these ways to like we say
interrupt people's days
and get more meetings booked ultimately
which is what we want to do
are there any things we can do to
encourage people this is a great idea
yeah there's uh there's a number of
things to be mindful of um
but i think the the underlying uh
emphasis here is that
this isn't just you know a fad of us
looking into cameras now
you know during the work days right this
is this is the new way of doing business
and uh i think there's no question that
video is going to be more and more a
part of our culture as businesses as
sales people even as business leaders
so now's the time to start getting used
to it right you're not going to be
perfect from day one you're going to
record your first video it's going to be
the worst video you made
the good news is the last video you make
is always your best right you just
practice makes perfect with this kind of
thing just like cold calling just like
anything else
so what i encourage you to do as a
business owner yourself
and with your team is just start to try
to use tools like this like vidyard
to record and share video even
internally to start to get people used
to it and comfortable with it
to start to create that culture where
it's okay to record and send a video
even if you're hunting and awing or
you know not making it perfect um and i
think just creating that even internal
culture
recording a quick video update for your
teams of recording quick video
walkthroughs of presentations
and sending that around instead of
booking an hour along for a zoom meeting
little things like that can really help
and then again encouraging them to
not only use tools like that with their
customers but think about
what is their video environment look
like at home because that also goes a
long way if they feel confident
like they've got a great setup at home
they've got the right lighting they've
got good audio
those things go a long way to them being
confident in doing these things going
forward so encouraging that
um i think is really really important
yeah just one more thing on that topic
all good tips tyler are there any um
quick tips on
kit that we can use and how we can
how what kind of budget we should spend
on video should we just do we just need
a webcam and nothing more do we need
pro lighting pro camera slr
top-of-the-range mic
what do you advise to make it happen
yeah yeah the things to be mindful of uh
number one is lighting really is
important
and often even more important than the
camera itself because good lighting can
even make
a shitty camera look good so if you have
reps or yourself that are in a space
where you don't have a lot of good
natural light
or things on you investing in a 50
ring light which you can you know buy
from just about anywhere
something like that that you can put in
front of you to light yourself goes a
long way so that's number one
number two is your audio which again is
equally if not more important than the
video
so make sure you've got decent
headphones decent microphones so you're
coming through clearly
and professionally and then finally as
you alluded to um having a decent camera
certainly does help you definitely do
not need a dslr you don't need a
top-end gopro a basic usb webcam
goes a long way above and beyond what
might be included natively in your
laptops or your desktops
so i think those are the simple things
to be mindful of
and again good lighting and audio really
go a long way it's a great end of year
um
you know pack or holiday gift to your
employees if you're looking for
something this year it's a little work
from home studio
uh which i was going to say christmas is
coming up so it's getting getting about
that time for
the time of giving cool man some got
some great tips there and
moving moving things forward tyler i'm
genuinely curious so vidyard's grown
massively over the last few years so
often when i think of video i think
vidyard is one of the leaders so
what tips have you employed what
strategies have you guys employed there
in terms of marketing both digital
online and offline to grow to where you
are now
and position yourselves as as a leader
in video
yeah well first of all i appreciate that
um i thank you very much sam
and it sounds like we're doing our job
which is great um
honestly the biggest focus for us we
don't spend
uh we spend very little on actual
advertisements
um or you know search ads and things
like that our focus over the year has
been
producing great helpful content and
establishing ourselves as a recognized
thought leader in our space
and for us we've always felt that's
important because we're pioneering and
championing a new area of the market
right all the things we're talking about
here today using video and sales
recording and sending custom videos even
using video and marketing
um you know all of our customers have
more questions than answers
it's a it's really a new area for a lot
of people so we've always focused on
being a thought leader
on investing in building a team that
researches
creates content creates best practices
we get out there
on webinars on podcasts on virtual
events
and we make sure that we're teaching
people genuinely how to do these things
well
we're learning stories from our
customers and we're sharing those
innovations and best practices with
everybody else
and that is at the heart and soul of all
of our marketing programs
um is that thought leadership education
and being helpful to our audience
and i don't see that ever changing and
and you know any organization i go to
that will always be the heart
of my marketing strategy and i think
it's more important now than ever
as people look for authentic trustworthy
brands that are genuinely helping them
and not just trying to market and sell
to them
no that's that's really interesting it
sounds like you're big believers in
eating your own dog food using your own
technology to
to leverage and grow and also that mixed
with the the content creation would you
say it's
it's quite seo seo has played quite a
big part in what you guys do in terms of
organic evergreen content being found in
the search engines and
and that sort of things yeah seo becomes
an important extension to that
thought leadership strategy because you
know great content isn't great if nobody
reads it or watches it
uh so absolutely as part of that you
know sort of content-centric strategy
uh we focus on seo to make sure that we
you know uh rise to the top for search
engines when people are searching for
topics that we have great content to
serve
uh and then we we obviously mix that up
with other
more kind of outbound style programs uh
like webinars virtual events things like
that where we can re-engage
our community of people that have come
in through seo um
and or address new audiences
through third-party media channels so i
think those two things combined
heavy focus on seo and great valuable
content behind it
coupled with outbound webinars of
virtual events and doing content through
great industry partners
all of that comes together to uh to
really build our brand in the market
awesome man well tyler it's been an
absolute pleasure to
to talk to you today everyone you've
been tuning in to sam's business growth
show where we sit down with business
leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we found out their story how
digital marketing has helped along the
way and their exclusive tips and
insights to help you score up at your
sales and score off your business tyler
we like to ask everyone that comes on
if you could thank just one person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself
and your career who would that be and
why
so i would actually thank um my
this may sound like i'm sucking up but
my boss who is our ceo here at vidyard
michael lit
michael has been such an incredible
influence on my career and as somebody
and i encourage you all of all of you to
find this person in your career
he's that guy that pushes me out of my
comfort zone consistently and
intentionally
to you know force me to think bigger
than what i'm doing today
to get more creative to get more hacky
and you know
enough is never good enough and i love
that mentality where we can always be
better and find new things
and so having that person in your career
in your your life
that's always pushing you to be better
to be your best self
i think is so so important so thank you
michael you've done that here
as part of my career over the last six
years at big yard
nice one so i like good stuff tyler tell
us a bit more about how everyone can
learn from you how people can connect
with you
and the best way to get in touch yeah so
uh to connect with me please
uh you know hop into my linkedin profile
tyler lessard l-e-s-s-a-r-d
at vidyard connect with me on linkedin
send me a message we'd love to hear from
you
if you're interested in learning more
about video and vidyard
you can start using vidyard yourself for
free at yard.com
free and if you want to learn more tips
hacks ideas or check out our thought
leadership so you can see how we're
doing all that great stuff i talked
about
a great place to start is the vidyard
blog so just go to vidyard.com
blog and you'll find tons of great
resources to help you crush it with
video
or lots of ideas that you can take uh as
inspiration for your own marketing
programs
nice one tyler i really appreciate it
man we use vidyard all the time at web
choice so i can highly endorse it and
it's it's worked very well for our
social
sales process and engaging with our
clients a lot better so 100
recommended tyler thanks so much for
coming on again man
thank you very much for having me it's
uh it's been great and i appreciate you
being a wonderful customer
um and wish you all the best no worries
and if you enjoyed the show be sure to
hit subscribe to sam's business growth
show
on your podcast channel of choice we
interview business leaders each and
every week to provide you actionable
tips to grow your sales and make best
use of digital marketing
cheers for tuning in are you tired of
constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach that
brings idle clients
straight to you connect with sam dunning
on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com that's
webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts